---
title: Blog number
layout: post
author: alex.coyne
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1vLRUWvn3tQ2y0sqIKgyumldabZUriiICG7zJDREP5Bo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/08/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having an old markdown website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To fix my website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I nearly did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson was all about listening and reading because we had a talk at the start of the lesson which was all about how to improve your website and fix it. Also there were a few powerpoints that we had to read and see if our problem was on their. We had to ask other people how to do certain things to make are websites different. In the end I had to create a new website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After I had created my new website I had to update everything and had to make it look presentable. I couldn't find a way to put an image as my background even after the countless attempts that I tried. This means that I have a basic white background which looks boring and dull.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try and put more research into how to  do different things even if it is a background cover or if it is to fix some code which doesn’t work at that time. Overall I need to try a little bit harder to try and make things work or look better other than fall at the first hurdle.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


